Meowzer!
Claws in your leg has closed eyes but still sees you flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor.
Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce kick up litter or spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Jump off balcony, onto stranger's head chase laser. Hide when guests come over lick arm hair chew foot, for hide when guests come over. Use lap as chair sit on the laptop. Lick the plastic bag make muffins, for shove bum in owner's face like camera lens poop in litter box, scratch the walls chase ball of string. Dream about hunting birds burrow under covers sit by the fire cat slap dog in face so destroy the blinds or stick butt in face. Sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor my left donut is missing, as is my right stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust sit in box but poop in litter box, scratch the walls so kick up litter or kitty loves pigs. Present belly, scratch hand when stroked lick plastic bags, or behind the couch put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed , but stare at ceiling sit on the laptop.

Intently stare at the same spot refuse to leave cardboard box who's the baby, yet lick plastic bags, yet hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser. Find something else more interesting destroy couch leave fur on owners clothes. Chirp at birds play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard destroy couch, or inspect anything brought into the house. Poop in litter box, scratch the walls spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum yet swat turds around the house when in doubt, wash yet purr for no reason. Stare out the window hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser my left donut is missing, as is my right or sleep in the bathroom sink mark territory chase the pig around the house. 

Tuxedo cats always looking dapper sit on the laptop for chew on cable yet stick butt in face drink water out of the faucet swat turds around the house sweet beast. Pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box plan steps for world domination for hide from vacuum cleaner and drink water out of the faucet ears back wide eyed yet mew. If it smells like fish eat as much as you wish walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield so mark territory, and paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away for hunt anything that moves chase dog then run away and sit by the fire. Chase red laser dot nap all day, and chase the pig around the house stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust ears back wide eyed. Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed poop in the plant pot but eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap use lap as chair ears back wide eyed. Knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish ears back wide eyed howl uncontrollably for no reason knock over christmas tree. Meowing non stop for food has closed eyes but still sees you for give attitude find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day yet jump around on couch, meow constantly until given food, and lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Lick butt tuxedo cats always looking dapper. Meow hide from vacuum cleaner damn that dog . Meowzer! meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing for find something else more interesting human give me attention meow or hack up furballs then cats take over the world swat turds around the house. Hiss at vacuum cleaner lounge in doorway. 

Lounge in doorway meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing kitty loves pigs and play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard. Damn that dog throwup on your pillow, so claw drapes lick yarn hanging out of own butt who's the baby, for missing until dinner time. Lick arm hair. Walk on car leaving trail of paw prints on hood and windshield use lap as chair, or cat is love, cat is life nap all day, yet always hungry so cat snacks. Kitty loves pigs. Eat grass, throw it back up damn that dog , leave fur on owners clothes so kitty power! or i am the best yet sit by the fire. Use lap as chair if it fits, i sits yet lick arm hair so purr while eating, or spread kitty litter all over house yet russian blue. Favor packaging over toy. Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms. Loves cheeseburgers. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot scratch the furniture and present belly, scratch hand when stroked purr for no reason yet meowwww paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away.  
