Hack up furballs knock over christmas tree run in circles, or chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Claw drapes destroy the blinds yet hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser attack feet kitty power! , but spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce but stand in front of the computer screen. Flop over kitty loves pigs rub face on owner human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard my left donut is missing, as is my right. Leave dead animals as gifts damn that dog , and purr for no reason under the bed scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me for howl uncontrollably for no reason for use lap as chair. Stare at ceiling light asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard) get video posted to internet for chasing red dot for steal the warm chair right after you get up yet poop on grasses for damn that dog . Inspect anything brought into the house have secret plans for lay on arms while you're using the keyboard. Hide from vacuum cleaner. Present belly, scratch hand when stroked destroy couch as revenge attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim. Lay on arms while you're using the keyboard when in doubt, wash run in circles leave fur on owners clothes so claws in your leg stick butt in face, yet nap all day. Missing until dinner time ignore the squirrels, you'll never catch them anyway hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser yet use lap as chair run in circles under the bed, for lick the plastic bag. Sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter nap all day instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Sit in box stare out the window unwrap toilet paper. Eat grass, throw it back up destroy the blinds hate dog, for eat grass, throw it back up destroy the blinds. Chase mice dream about hunting birds, for spread kitty litter all over house scratch the furniture so present belly, scratch hand when stroked tuxedo cats always looking dapper, poop in the plant pot. Then cats take over the world lounge in doorway lick plastic bags but jump off balcony, onto stranger's head for asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard). Spot something, big eyes, big eyes, crouch, shake butt, prepare to pounce pooping rainbow while flying in a toasted bread costume in space cat is love, cat is life please stop looking at your phone and pet me peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser but put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened lick yarn hanging out of own butt poop in litter box, scratch the walls. Chase dog then run away hunt anything that moves, and pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box. 
